Oh, Summer, I... I had no idea that you were married.
Um... Oh, don't worry about it, man. We were just talking about stuff in the script.
Is that right?
Hey, so you must be Edward Arduin. I've heard a lot about you. I'm Alex.
Cool. Bye, Alex.
Great. Yeah, um, I'll see you later, don't I?
No, you won't.
Good, you guys are all here. Edward brought snacks. They're in the lounge if anyone wants them.
Yes, I'll come.
What?
Snacks.
Edward, does it usually come to set this often?
He's quite the busy man. I think he's here to see you.
He's here to see Carla, not me.
Oh, please. Can you not see the way he looks at you?
Whatever. Oh, speak of the devil.
I will give you two some privacy.
No, don't.
You're getting out of hand. Don't forget, I'm the one who hired you.
Excuse me?
Stay away from Alex. Got it?
What are you talking about? There's nothing going on between us besides you came here to see Carla.
Is he or Joss?
No, what are you talking about? I'm not Joss.